ember-cli-dfinity
==============================================================================

An add-on for using the Internet Computer in your EmberJS app.

Compatibility
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Ember.js v3.12 or above
* Ember CLI v2.13 or above
* Node.js v10 or above


Installation
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

```
ember install ember-cli-dfinity
```

### On-chain Dapp

If you are building the app to run on the Internet Computer, then you must install
the [dfx-ember-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/onehilltech/dfx-ember-webpack-plugin)
Webpack plugin into the dfx project so it builds the EmberJS asset canister correctly.


Steps for Building Your Dapp
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following steps are necessary for building an Internet Computer dapp with 
an EmberJS front-end. These steps are listened here from historical reasons. They
will be completely automated in future releases of the add-on.

1. Copy all JavaScript candid `(*.did.js)` declarations in `./src/declarations`, which 
   is generated by `dfx`, to `./app/dfx` in the EmberJS application.

2. Define one or more agents in `config/environment.js` (see Configuring your application.)


Configuring your application
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The `config/environment.js` file is where you configure how the Dapp connects to the
Internet Computer. The most important section in the configuration is `dfx.agents`.
This is where you define different agents that canisters use to communicate. The
`$default` agent must always be defined. Below is an example configuration that 
will use the `local` network. You can customize the configuration for different 
environments, such as `production` vs `test`.

```javascript
// config/environment.js

module.exports = function (environment) {
  let ENV = {
     // ...

     dfx: {
        canisters: {
          // Optional. You can define caninsters not defined in canister_ids.json, or
          // override the existing canister ids here.
        },
        
        agents: {
           $default: {
              host: 'http://127.0.0.1:8000',
           },
        },
     }
  }; 
   
  // ...
}

```

Next Steps
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Check out the dummy application in `tests/dummy` for an example on how to 
integrate canisters from the Internet Computer into your application. We will
provide more guidance on this over the course of the project.

Contributing
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See the [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for details.


License
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This project is licensed under the [Apache-2.0](LICENSE.md).
